make_case_or_project: don't produce heavy encoding for trivial match (#17008)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/core/records.rst

Additionally, user-written :g:`match` constructs on primitive records are
desugared into substitution of the projections, they cannot be printed back as
:g:`match` constructs.

.. example::

   .. coqtop:: reset all

      #[projections(primitive)] Record Sigma A B := sigma { p1 : A; p2 : B p1 }.
      Arguments sigma {_ _} _ _.

      Check fun x : Sigma nat (fun _ => nat) =>
        match x with sigma v _ => v + v end.

      Check fun x : Sigma nat (fun x => x = 0) =>
        match x return exists y, y = 0 with
          sigma v e => ex_intro _ v e
        end.

>    Matches which are equivalent to just a projection have adhoc handling to avoid generating useless ``let``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Matches which are equivalent to projections have adhoc handling to avoid
   generating useless ``let`` clauses:
```

Author: I don't feel like this is an improvement
